Sun Microsystems, Inc.  ("Sun") ENTITLEMENT for SOFTWARE

Licensee/Company:  Entity receiving Software.

Effective Date:  Date of delivery of the Software to You.

Software:  Java Platform, Enterprise Edition 5 SDK Update 2,
which includes the following:

(i) Sun Java System Application Server Platform Edition 9
UR1, (ii) Project Open ESB Starter Kit, (iii) Java Platform
Enterprise Edition 5 Samples, (iv) Java BluePrints, (v) API
Documentation, and (vi) Your First Cup:  An Introduction to
the Java EE Platform

License Term:  Perpetual (subject to termination under the
SLA).

Licensed Unit:  Software Copy.

Licensed unit Count:  Unlimited.

Permitted Uses:

1.  You may reproduce and use the Software for Individual,
Commercial, Service Provider and Research and Instructional
Use only for the purposes of designing, developing, testing,
and running Your applets and application ("Programs").

2.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the Software's
documentation, You may reproduce and distribute portions of
Software identified as a redistributable in the
documentation ("Redistributable"), provided that:

(a) you distribute Redistributable complete and unmodified
and only bundled as part of Your Programs,

(b) your Programs add significant and primary functionality
to the Redistributable,

(c) you distribute Redistributable for the sole purpose of
running your Programs,

(d) you do not distribute additional software intended to
replace any component(s) of the Redistributable,

(e) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or
notices contained in or on the Redistributable.

(f) you only distribute the Redistributable subject to a
license agreement that protects Sun's interests consistent
with the terms contained in this Agreement, and

(g) you agree to defend and indemnify Sun and its licensors
from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement
amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred
in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third
party that arises or results from the use or distribution of
any and all Programs and/or Redistributable.

3.  Java Technology Restrictions.  You may not create,
modify, or change the behavior of, or authorize your
licensees to create, modify, or change the behavior of,
classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any way
identified as "java", "javax", "sun" or similar convention
as specified by Sun in any naming convention designation.

